= ChiliProject Auto Close

Automatically close old issues

== Features

* Automatically close dormant issues
* Warn when issues are becoming dormant
* Scriptable rake task to close and warn issues (usable through cron)
* Configurable warning and closing messages

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/chiliproject_auto_close/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/chiliproject_auto_close]

== Installation and Setup

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins 
2. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)

== Usage

Configure your warning and closing messages in the plugin configuration panel (Admin > Plugins > Configure). These will be the notes that are posted to an issue when it is about to be closed and when it's closed.

Run (or schedule) the "auto_close:close" rake task to check every issue if it needs to be closed. You can pass in options to control the number of days before a warning or closure as well as limit the issue statuses affected. Run "rake -D auto_close:close" for the full documentation, default options, and more examples.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

